page 4	THE prohibition to export arms, etc., has been extended for a further period of six months from and including the 28th inst.
page 4	THE National Gazette hears that the Chinese governments is about to order the adoption of European costumes in the near future.
page 4	SUBJECT to the King's approval, H. E. the Governor has appointed Mr. C. Mcl. Messer, assistant land officer for the New Territories.
page 4	BALL firing will be carried out by the 93rd Burma Infantry on Monday, between 9 a.m.
page 4	THE King has not been advised to exercise his power of disallowance wiht respect to the.
page 5	The King and Queen of Italy's Visit to England.
page 5	The Macedonian Atrocities.
page 5	France-Church adn State.
page 5	Bulgarian conspiray.
page 5	Gold Coinage in Panama.
page 5	Empress Dowager to Leave Peking.
page 5	U.S. Transport "Sheridan".
page 5	U.S. Senator Dead.
page 5	Candidates for the Speakership in U.S.A.
page 5	Russia Apologizes for the Hagiwara Incident.
page 5	War Still Possible.
page 5	Reported French Intervention.
page 12	THE prohibition to export arms, etc., has been extended for a further period of six months from and including the 28th inst.
page 12	THE National Gazette hearas that the Chinese Government is about to order the adoption of European costumes in the near future.
page 12	SUBJECT to the King's approval, H, E. the Governor has appointed Mr. C. Mcl. Messer, assistant land officer for the New Territories.
page 12	BALL firing will be carried out by the 93rd Burma Infantry on Monday, between 9 a.m.
page 12	THE King has not been advised to exercise his power of disallowance wiht respect to the.
page 13	The King and Queen of Italy's Visit to England.
page 13	The Macedonian Atrocities.
page 13	France-Church adn State.
page 13	Bulgarian conspiray.
page 13	Gold Coinage in Panama.
page 13	Empress Dowager to Leave Peking.
page 13	U.S. Transport "Sheridan".
page 13	U.S. Senator Dead.
page 13	Candidates for the Speakership in U.S.A.
page 13	Russia Apologizes for the Hagiwara Incident.
page 13	War Still Possible.
page 13	Reported French Intervention.
