page 2	HONGKONG, like other important commercial centres, is undergoing one of those waves of depression which inevitably overtake rash and excessive speculstion, but there is one phase of the calamity from which profit may be derived, however melancholy the out-look.
page 2	PORTUGAL.
page 2	A PETITION against the Sunday Cargo-working Ordinance signed by the mafority of the ship-ping.
page 2	AT the Maglstracy to-day Mr. Yung Fong a gentleman who has in his time done a greater.
page 2	THE new Earl of Clancarty is not qulte 20 years old. while his Countess, Belle Bilton. is all of 30.
page 2	A VERY  large sea-tortolse by some means got himself wedged between the timbers of a water.
page 5	A NATIVE paper at Shanghai stated a fow days ago that a French agent had gone to Peking to secure.
page 5	THE French Municipal Council on Saturday week sent to the Chinese authorites the sum.
page 5	COMMENTION upon the gun accident on hoard H.M.S. Cordilia a naval correspondent informs.
page 5	HOW would this sort of thing work at the City Hall theater? A Batavia paper says that the.
page 5	THE dangers of handling suiphuric acid in bulk has been twice illustrated at Penang within the last.
page 6	WE learn that a telegram has been received anncuncing the loss of the steamship Awgusta.
page 6	AT the Magistracy on the 15th inst. the woman Leng Abo was brought up on remand charged.
page 6	A CCOUPLE of ponies that were being driven in a wagoneite near Wanchai market on the afternnon.
page 6	THE Mataihnsi contains an account of a pretty gallant act which a boy of thirteen named.
page 6	IN connection with the robbery that was perpetrated at the Hongkong Hotel on the night.
page 9	SUICIDE OF AN EX-OFFICER.
page 9	A SLIGHT earthquake was felt at 6.40 a.m. on the 21st inst more particularly at Kowloon.
page 9	DURING the tvphoon, we hear a Passenger junk laden with about $30,000 worth of opium and geueral.
page 9	HIS Exceilencv Wong Chi-chung late Provincial Treasurer of Kwangtung came down on a flying.
page 9	THE lrrepressible in terviewer at San Francisco has been corralling our iate Governor, on his way.
page 10	WE learn by last Saturday's mall that it hasalmost been definitely decided that Sir Willitam des.
page 10	ADVICES from Swatow state that cholera is raging in that district. At Chow-chow-fu hundreds.
page 10	REFERRING to the then probable appointment of Sir William Robinson as Governor of Hongkong.
page 10	THEY deal a little more severely with panderers in China than we do here, The Shinpao states.
page 10	WE learn on good authorlty that Mr. Ma Ki Tcheong has severed his connection with the China.
