page 1	A CORRESPONDENT of our Shanghai evening contemporary says that the basin at Port Arthur is said to be again leaking.
page 1	PRINCE Chun has been pleased to issue the authority necessary for the working of the Kirin Mines to the Chief Director of the company.
page 1	TWO Imperial Commissioners are expected to arrive at Foochow shortly, direct from Peking.
page 1	A BANGKOK contemporary states rumours are current there to the effect that one half of the rice crop has with ered in the grain.
page 1	ON Tuesday week the steamship Tiutonia when getting under weigh at Penaag unfortunately came into collision with the steamship Langkai.
page 1	CANTON.
page 1	NAGASAKI.
page 1	KOREA.
page 1	TIENTSIN.
page 3	MANCHESTER CANAL DAMAGED BY FLOODS.
page 3	MR. E.F.W. Wilkinson, C.F., M.S.E.L., etc. has been appointed Chief Engineer of the Siamese.
page 3	WE are informed by the agents (Messrs. Russell & Co.) that the "Union" Line steamer Oxford.
page 3	WE have been favored with a copy of the following telegram which was received here this afternoon.
page 3	"Latest crushing at Raub 310 tons estimated 700 ounces gold."
page 6	IT is rumoured in Bangkok that the Scotish Orental Steamship Company will have another.
page 6	OUR northern contemporaries announce the provisional appointment of Shen Pinp-cheng.
page 6	THE Straits Times learns that the firm of Heineken & Co. have been appointed agents of.
page 6	A KOBE exchange says M. Tateno has been appointed Envoy Extraordinary and Minister.
page 6	COUNTERFEIT dollars and subsidiary coins on the model of those now being issued by the new.
page 7	THE Russian Government is going to construct a harbour in Imperial Bay, about 300 miles.
page 7	WEDNESDAY, Thursday and Friday, the 7th, 8th, and 9th of January 18th are the days fixed.
page 7	AN epidemic of influenzs has broken out at Nanking. Most of the European residents and.
page 7	THE Yokohama Printing and Publishing Company, Limited, was registered under the Hongkong.
page 7	AFTER discharging some twenty to thirty tons of cargo the Indo-China S. N. Co.'s steamship.
page 9	WUCHANG.
