page 2	THERE will be a game of Polo on the Racecourse to-morrow, the 24th inst., at 5:30 p.m.
page 2	A PARISIAN medical congress concludes that kissing is a relic of barbarism.  Now we know why the elergy are so fond of it.
page 2	THE charge against P.C. Millar was to-day remitted to the Captain Superintendent of Police by Mr. Robinson, at the Police Court.
page 2	THE me ting of hte legislative Council which was to have been held to-day was postoned on accunt of the late departure of the English mail.
page 2	SIBERIA is said to have a spot of ground about thirty miles equare that has not thawed out for a hundred years, and is frezen to a depth of sixty feet.
page 2	HUSBAND (to extravagant wife) --- You have succeeded at last in making something out of me.
page 2	A workmen's meeting was held last night in one of the suburbs of Berlin to discuss the subject of eight-hours labour.
page 2	The federation of coalminers and owners is inclined to come to an agreement that no action.
page 2	It is reported that the Berlin Labour Conference has agreed to prohibit children under 14 from working in mines.
page 2	It is now apparent that the differences between the Emperor william and Prince Bismarck were chiefly of a personal character.
page 2	Count von Alvensleben, German Ambassador at Brussels, will succeed Count Herbert Bismarck as head of the German Foreign Office.
page 3	It has been arranged that a public test of major Fitzgerald's new gun shall be made shortly.
page 3	Mr. Raikes, the Postmaster-General, says that preferential postage rages with the colonies are possible without .
page 3	It is reported that the German expedition for the relief of Emin led by Dr. Peters.
page 3	The caravan under Emin Pasha starts for the Victoria Nyanza on the 20th instant.
page 3	A chess match has been played between the United States and Canada. The representatives of the former won a decisive victory.
page 5	INFLUENZA is raging a good deal in the Philippines. There are some six thousand cases in Manila alone.
page 5	THE Tonquin papers report the serious outbreak of cholera at Lang-chou, on the frontier Quarantine has been established.
page 5	THE returns of the number of visitors to the City Hall Museum for the week ending April 20th.
page 5	THE formation of the Societe Francaise des Houilleres de Tourane (Tonquin) is announced.
page 5	MR JAMES HART arrived at Shanghai a week ago on his way to Peking, as we presume.
page 6	A NATIVE contemporary says that on the 15th of this moon, at Newchwang a steamer chartered by Chinese.
page 6	AN ex-Dockyard constable named Warner, who had looked at the world too frequently through.
page 6	THE Timor men who killed Governor Maia ever so long ago, are having another trip.
page 6	THERE was recently a sharp conflict between the revenue cruiser Kulu and some salt smugglers near Whampoa.
page 6	A PROCLAMATION has been issued by the Taiwan Magistrate, ordering the people within his jurisdiction.
