page 2	RUSSIAN CLEMENCY.
page 2	THE Empress of India Srrived from Shanghai at 5.30 this afternoon. having made the passage in 54 hours.
page 2	THOSE who were unable to pay a vtsit to the Empriss of India will be interested in Knowing that the sister-ship Empress of Fapan will be open for inspection on Saturday.
page 2	AT a meeting of the members of the Stock and Sharebrokers' Asseciation held this aftemoon it was decided to engage coynsel to oppose the Bill dealing with time-bargains.
page 2	AT the Maglstracy yesterday a Chinamsn was fined $25 or two months for having in his possession $200 worth of Manila lottery tickets.
page 3	A proclamation has been issued notifying the annexation by the British Government of the territory.
page 3	A Government decree issued here to-day orders the coinage of silver to the value of half.
page 3	The statement that the Paris house of Roths-childs had refused to preeced with the issue.
page 3	The election of a member of Parliament for Harborough took place yesterday and reauited.
page 3	The Manipur Rajah and the Tongal Major have been captured the latter is a decrepit old.
page 5	ADMIRAL RICHARDS is paying Pcking a visit, leaving Shanghai for Taku in the Alairtty yesterday week.
page 5	THE Governor-General Li of Canton has ralsed some troops which are being dally drilled.
page 5	THE adjourned inquiry into the circumstances attending the outbresk of fire on the premises.
page 5	ON Monday, at the Peak Hospital there died Capt W.S. Brazier, of the Chinese Imperial.
page 5	CONSEQUENT. upon the retirement of Acting Chief Iuspector Cradock, there is another.
page 6	A FOOLISM correspondent wants to know what we think of the Colonial Treasurer of Hongkong.
page 6	AN Amerlcan paper says the shad is the summum bonum of all fish. That is what we say about.
page 6	A LOT of drain-layers were blasting a rocky blt of road at Wcst Point, on the 20th inst when.
page 6	WHILST the C.P. steamer Batauia was on her way down from Shanghai to this port on her last.
page 6	THE Petition that the Sharebrokers' Association bave addressed to the Legisiative Council.
