page 2	SILVER PURCHASES.
page 2	THERE will be a game of polo at Causeway Bay to-morrow afternoon, commencing at 5.30 o'clock.
page 2	THE Spanish Consul kindly forwards a telegram from Manila stating that a depression existed in the Pacific on Sunday.
page 2	THE population of Africa is now estimated at 325,000,000, but on what reliable basis it is difficult to discover.
page 2	SEVILLE is infested with women barbers. They are pretty women, however, which makes all the difference.
page 2	ENGLISH senior wranglers, who attract a great deal of attention, do not all become distinguished men by any means.
page 5	THE China Sugar Refining Company distilled 9,120 gallons of spirits during the quarter ended the 25th August.
page 5	THE steamer Glenfinlas went ashore at Pheasant sland, a few miles above Nanking, on the 27th ulto.
page 5	A SPECIAL Gazette was issued on the 2nd inst. by the Government. declaring Shanghai and Nagasaki.
page 5	ACCORDING to the little regimental record of the A and S. Highlanders Lieut Grant is a very lucky man.
page 5	THE coolie who went into the Supreme Court a year or two ago and lifted therefrom the clock.
page 6	THE alarming rumour got abroad on the 29th ulto that a case of cholera had occurred on board a steamer.
page 6	THE Messageries Maritimes steamer Melbourns had a curious experience on her recent passage.
page 6	A MOST interesting game at Polo was played at Causeway Ba last Friday afternoon in the presence.
page 6	THE following circular letter, dated August 28th, from Messrs Gibb, Livingston.
page 6	THE scandalous sbarf arrangements to the west of the Central Market, whence the Chinese Yaumati launches start.
page 9	THE Austrian cruiser Zrinyi arrived at Woosung from a cruise up the Yangtsze in the afternoon of the 29th ulto.
page 9	THE returns of the number of visitors to the City Hall Museum for the week ending Aug.
page 9	THE Colonial Surgeon's Report for the vear 1889 is published in the Government Gazette.
page 9	THE E. & A.  steamship Catterthun, which arrived here on the and inst from Svdney.
page 9	AT the Supreme Court on the ist inst, before Mr. Iustice Wise, sitting in Summary Jurisdiction.
