page 2	THE LOSS OF THE "QUETTA."
page 2	THE Artillery Volunteers are going to man Stonecutters' Island fort on the occasion of the Royal visit.
page 2	DANIEL DE JESUS, charged with having caused the death of a tailor, was this morning committed for trial at the next Criminal Sessions.
page 2	THE Manila Diario says that Woodyear is importing three more equestriennes from Australia to swell the attractions of his Circus.
page 2	THE New York Herald says that the Celtic will be withdrawn from the Atlantic service in March.
page 2	LIEUT. R. de CT-Boyd, of the Argyll and Snther-land Highlanders, arrived at Shanghai last Saturday.
page 3	The Comte de Paris has telegraphed from Havana how proud and pleased he is at the conduct of the Duke of Orleans.
page 3	Mr. Amcer Ali. barrister-at-law, has been appointed to succeed the Honorabie R. C. Mitter.
page 3	A fatal explosion has taken place at a colliery in the Department of Nievre, due to the ignition of coal dust.
page 3	Crofters on Lewis Island are reportd to be in a desperate condition, and are resolved upon.
page 3	Three members of the Cretan Council have been sentenced by court-martial to seven years'.
page 6	THE LOSS OF THE "QUETTA."
page 6	Her Majesty the Queen goes to Aix-le-Bains on the nsth March.
page 6	The new Sultan has hoisted his flag here and held a large reception on the occasion, most of the Europeans here attending.
page 6	The Sultan assured the British  deputation which waited upon him yesterday, of his frieridship.
page 6	In the House of Conmmons Mr. Smith, replying to Mr. Parnell, said Government would ask.
page 7	The Comte de Paris has telegraphed from Havana how preud and pleased he is at the conduct of the Duke of Orleans.
page 7	Mr. Ameer Ali, borrister-at-law, has been appointed to succeed the Honorable R. C. Mitter as Judge of the High Court, Calcutta.
page 7	A fatal explosion has taken place at a colliery in the Department of Nievre. due to the ignition of coal dust.
page 7	Crofters on Lewis Island are reported to be in a desperate condition, and are resolved upon.
page 7	Three members of the Cretan Council have been sentenced by court-martial to seven years'.
