page 2	THE customary weekly meeting of the Legislative Council has been postponed from to-day until to-morrow afternoon, We don't know why this has been done nor whose convenlence has been especially consuited, but we are glad all the same, as the delay affords us an opportunlty of offering Governor DES VOEUS a few words of sound and salutary advice.
page 2	IT is said that New York hsa over 1,000 millionaircs while Londoa has 600, paris 5000,Berlin.
page 2	TNREE Chinese criminals are to be executed on Saturday afternoon at Kowloon City for having.
page 2	WONG MUN aliat Fa Tai Mun who was arrested by Inspector Stantoa and Sergeant.
page 2	THE repeated rumors of the ill-health of Emperor Willam, savs the San Francisco Chroniclt seem.
page 2	THE majority of offences that come on for investigation at our iocal Police Court are invariably.
page 3	THE AUDIENCE.
page 3	THE EMEUTE IN PORTUGAL.
page 3	A STUDY IN BROKEN CHINA.
page 5	THE rcturns of the number of visitors to the City Hall Museum for the week ending Mach 29th are.
page 5	SFVKRAL correspondents passengers by the Emprtss of India have writien to us stating.
page 5	THE Singapoie Chinese Advisory Boatd met in the Chinese Protectorate on March 20th when it was.
page 5	SQUADRON of Japane emen-of-war consisting of the Takachiho, Takao, Katsuragi and Yamato.
page 5	THE sea serpsnt or bis ghost crsomething has lately been alarming the Celestial inhabitants of Hangchow.
page 6	THE Portuguese gunboat Diu Commander A Gomes arrived at Macao on the 24th ulto from Lisbon.
page 6	WE are glad to observe that the Govemor's health has greatly improved of late His.
page 6	THE officerz and crew of the stcamship Straih-endrick, which foundered after collision with the Dtuanhurst.
page 6	THE Hyogo News learns from a prlvate source that the Strathsarn has not been lost after all.
page 6	THE China Merchants' steamer Kiangkwan after having underagone a thorough overhaul by the Hongkong.
page 9	THE CZAREWITCH.
page 9	THE members of the Hongkong Sketching Ciub and their chif-d's uvrss were on view at the City.
page 9	WE are requested by the Agents of the Canadian Pacific Railway Company to state that Captain.
page 9	THE correspondence relating to the boat-race on Easter Monday reachedl us too late for publication.
page 9	WE have been courteously informed by the Russian consul at this port that the Czarewltch.
