page 2	AS ANNOUNCED in our yesterday's issue, the libel case in which Mr. DANIEL EDWARD BANDMANN, the well known actor, criminally prosecuted the proprietor of this journal for libel.
page 2	AFFAIRS IN EGYPT.
page 2	A MAT PACKER entered the King-on pawn-shop yesterday, and kicked up a great "bobbery".
page 2	DR. Patrick Manson, the popular doctor at Amoy, China, has come to England with his family for a well-earned holiday.
page 2	POLICE Sergeant Morrison found Nicholas Peterson of Denmark, an unemployed seaman, lying.
page 2	WE, Amoy Gazette, noticed that the enterprising diver Mr. C. Robinson took a preliminary lift of.
page 3	It is reported that Sir Evelyn Wood has been ordered to hold himself in readiness to proceed to Egypt.
page 3	The agent of the P. & O. Company here has received a message from their Suez agency dated last night.
page 3	The Ambassadors of the Great Powers are still urging the Porte to join the Conference.
page 3	The French press show a disposition to leave the British Government to intervene alone in Egypt.
page 3	Lord Hartington declined, because it was inopportune, to reply to a question whether it was.
page 6	AFFAIRS IN EGYPT.
page 6	A MAT PACKER entered the King-on pawn-shop yesterday, and kicked up a great "bobbery".
page 6	DR. Patrick Manson, the popular doctor at Amoy, China, has come to England with his family for a well-earned holiday.
page 6	UPON searohing the coolies employed on board the P. & O. steamship Bangalore as they left.
page 6	POLICE Sergeant Morrison found Nicholas Peterson of Denmark, an unemployed seaman, lying.
page 7	The agent of the P. & O. Company here has received a message from their Suez agency dated last night.
page 7	The Ambassadors of the Great Powers are still urging the Porte to juin the Conference.
page 7	The French press show a disposition to leave the British Government to intervene alone in Egypt.
page 7	Lord Hartington declined, because it was inopportune, to reply to a question whether it was.
page 7	Military preparations in England are being actively pressed forward.
