page 2	SOUTH AFRICA.
page 2	THE HAPPY CZAR.
page 2	WEST AFRICA.
page 2	SERIOUS TROUBLE IN WUCHANG.
page 2	REUTER wires from Berlin that the Clericals are masters of the situation in the new Reichstag.
page 2	THE P. & O. S. N. Co's extra steamer Nizam, from Bombay, left Singapore for this port on the 15th inst., at 6 a.m.
page 2	THE returns of the number of visitors to the City Hall Museum for the week ending March 16th. are:- Europeans 119, Chinese, 1,169; total 1,288.
page 2	THE Singapore paners say that the Menmuir broke her propeller shaft when off Timor Koenang where she was picked up by the Guthrie.
page 2	WE are informed by the agents (Messrs. Jardine, Matheson & Co.) that the "Glen" liner Glengyle.
page 3	The report of the special commissioner on the Times-Parnell case will probably be made public to-morrow.
page 3	A resolution, inviting the King of the Hawaiian Islands to send a delegate to the Pan-American Congress, was passed.
page 3	The Republican journals approve the sentence of two years' imprisonment imposed on the Duc d'Orleans yesterday.
page 3	The British corvette Conquest is ashore on the island of Pemba, thirty miles north of here.
page 3	At the request of Hirsch, the American Minister, the Porte has imprisoned in his palace Moussa Bey.
page 6	SOUTH AFRICA.
page 6	THE HAPPY CZAR.
page 6	WEST AFRICA.
page 6	A Sun special from Paris says: A cipher letter just received by Russian refugees here.
page 6	The Government has sent an official to the City of Mexico for the purpose of establishing a Russian legation there.
page 7	The report of the special commissioner on the Times-Parnell case will probabl be made public to-morrow.
page 7	A resolution, inviting the King of the Hawaiian Islands to send a delegate to the Pan-American Congress, was passed.
page 7	The Republican journals approve the sentence of two years' imprisonment imposed on the Duc d'Orleans yesterday.
page 7	The British corvette Conquest is ashore on the island of Pemba, thirty miles north of here.
page 7	At the request of Hirsch, the American Minister, the Porte has imprisoned in his palace Moussa Bey.
