page 1	H.M.S. Leander left Yolohama on the 1st instant en route for Port Hamilton, to go through her prize firing.
page 1	The seed of Borneo tobacco has been fried on the Nilgirls, up to an elevation of 8,000 feet, and.
page 1	THE Imperial Commissioners who were expected here, says the Fgochow Echo. some time ago.
page 1	THE Chinese Photographic Enlarging Company have recently enlarged two photographs of HE.
page 1	A TELEGRAM was received here on the 9th inst. by the Superintendent of the P. & O. stating.
page 2	TIENTSIN.
page 3	THE U.S. S. Monocecy arrived at Chemulpe on the 25th ulto.
page 3	THE Hoppo of Canton, whose term of office recently expired, has been re-appointed for one year.
page 3	MR. W.S. Ayrton, of H.M.'s Consulate, Shanghai, has been appointed Acting Vice-Consul at.
page 3	THE returns of the number of visitors to the City Hall Museum for the week ending Dec. 7th, are.
page 3	SATURDAY'S Gasztte coatating a notification to the effect that His Excellency the Acting.
page 4	WE are just )3rd inst.) in receint of very important despatches from Korea from which we gather that.
page 4	THE French Government has abandoned the idea of floating an Indo-Chinese loan but with.
page 4	LAST night (2nd inst.) at about 10 o'clock the electric light gave the first indication that, although its.
page 4	A FOOCHOW correspondent sends us a long communication dealing with the action of some.
page 4	KOREA.
page 4	CHINA'S TRIUMPH-KOREA'S DOOM.
page 6	THE OPENING OF THE JAPANESE IMPERIAL DIET.
page 6	AN IMPOSING AND IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY.
page 8	THE PARNELL PROGRAMME.
page 8	Mrs. leslie Carter made her first professional appearance on the stage this evening at the.
page 8	A St. Petersburg correspondent of the Daily News says the defeat of the high tariff party in.
page 8	A bloody conflict at Ottensen, in the suburbs of Hamburg, occured to-day between striking.
page 8	Large bodies of Polish emigrants are leaving Russia for Brazil to found colonies. Many go.
page 9	It is safe to say that the preliminary inoculstion work of consumptives has already been.
page 9	Major Johnston and Dr. Jameson, discoverers of a sher route between Mashonaland and the.
page 9	Dr. Nansen, who crossed Greenland a couple of years ago, has been writing further details of.
page 9	Advices from Granada, Nicaragua, the scene of the recent earthquake, are to te effect that.
page 9	The police of Hamburg have made extraordinary discoveries regarding frauds practiced on.
