page 1	HK-CHINA TRADE OUTLOOK.
page 1	Survey shows conditions have deteriorated.
page 1	Red restrictions.
page 1	Unique position.
page 1	Nearest market.
page 1	Change underway.
page 1	Rousing welcome.
page 1	British car show opens in New York.
page 1	New appeals made for Australian food parcels for Britain.
page 1	"Return to Gospel." Pope pleads.
page 1	ECA to approve overseas funds.
page 1	REBELS DAMAGE WATER MAINS.
page 1	"Wage earner's" budget for Britain seen.
page 1	ON OTHER PAGES.
page 1	JAPAN'S BID TO LIFT ECONOMIC RESTRICTIONS.
page 1	Vast possibility.
page 1	Japan as key.
page 1	The Japan Management Association representing the most influential industrial and financial concerns in the country, has called for:
page 1	Commando personnel due.
page 2	LITTLE HK-KOREAN TRADE ENVISAGED.
page 2	Dr. Oh said that many of the products which Korea has for export are in plentiful supply in Hong Kong, and that the Mission hopes to discuss a possible increase in trade with already established Hong Kong businessmen who ore trading with Korea.
page 2	River vessel taken over by Reds.
page 2	Musical recital.
page 2	Indonesian group luncheon.
page 2	PERSONALITY PARADE.
page 2	No. 7-Senior Unofficial.
page 2	The hon. T. N. Chau.
page 2	Governor at Recreio reception.
page 2	Weather holds up planes.
page 3	Rebel Sultan to be tried in Jakarta.
page 3	Mrs. Marie Oisson
page 3	Windsor house
page 3	Japan's bid to lift economic restrictions.
page 4	Andrew Chu 
page 4	Miss Fung
page 4	GERMAN PACT WITH YUGOSLAVIA.
page 4	A $127,000,000 trade agreement between Western Germany and Yugoslavia will be signed on Monday, the Economic Minister, Ludwig Erhard, said today. The agreement provides for $65,700,000 of German import and $61,300,000 of German exports.
page 5	SCIENTISTS ESSENTIAL TO MAINTAIN WORLD PEACE.
page 5	Dr. Frederick Seitz, research professor of Illinois, answers those two questions in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists Dr. Seitz's answer to both questions is "yes." If he persuades enough of his colleagues, his article may bi remembered as one of the most important of our time. Frederick Seitz, aged 38 went to Illinois after posts at the Universities of Rochester (N.Y.) and Pennsylvania.
page 5	Crusade in tibet.
page 5	U.S. to plan strategy.
page 6	PROBLEMS IN MALAYA.
page 7	FATE OF U.N. HINGES ON NATIONALIST CASE AGAINST USSR.
page 7	Generalissimo's views on world situation.
page 7	Lattimore's views on u.s. relations with China.
page 7	Mr. Owen J. Lattimore said tonight that the United States should disavow approval and support of the rump of the old government of China but should not recognise the new government. "This can be done," he said, "by allowing those members of the United Nations who wish to do so to vote to unseat the old Chinese delegation to the United Nations and seat a new one."
page 7	HAMBURG INCIDENT.
page 8	MP says frantic armaments race in Middle East.
page 8	Writing in the mass circulation "Sunday Pictorial," he said that a month ago, when an Egyptian group captain visited a Royal Air Force Station in Kent to inspect Egyptian fighter crews being trained on the latest Meteor jet fighters, the crews drank a toast to "the second round of the war against Israel." Very properly, no RAF officer participated, he added.
page 8	CONSCRIPTION IN AUSTRALIA?
page 8	Leopold broadcasts compromise plan.
page 9	China's economic future bright, Peking declares.
page 9	This was the view expressed by the "People's Daily," Communist Party organ in Peking, and carried in a New China News Agency broadcast picked up here. The newspaper blamed what it called the "Imperialist Powers, the landlords and the bureaucratic capitalists" for the "present chaotic economic conditions" in China, especially in places like Shanghai.
page 9	Argentina wants Jap farmers.
page 9	Singapore trading with Japan.
page 9	Cuban sugar output.
