page 2	Bankruptcy in Japan 
page 2	Commercial slump due to armistice 
page 2	The counterpart of Venice of the north
page 2	Bruges
page 2	When a Belgian patrol marched into purges rccently,driving out the Germans who bad occupied it for more than four 
page 2	Orders issued by Mr. F. c. Jenkin, c. B. E. 
page 2	Chinese command 
page 2	Indian reforms
page 2	Committees appointed
page 3	Attempted burglary 
page 3	No_turxal visitor pleads an invitation 
page 3	Alleged theft of jewellery 
page 3	Alleged unfaithful steward 
page 3	A trick that failed 
page 3	Company report 
page 3	Chinese engineering and mining co, ltd.
page 3	Hongkong tramway co, ltd. 
page 3	Imports into the U.S.A.
page 3	Material modification of restrictions 
page 3	Football
page 3	Hongkong f. c. v. Kowloon
page 3	Peking explains to canton
page 3	A question of tufel 
page 3	An opium case   
page 4	A happy Christmas
page 4	Christmas and new year greeting
page 4	H. M. The king to his troops
page 4	For the first time in four years,Christmas dawns upon a world that is not locked in deadly strife.The clash of arms is heard no longer,and if peace has not actually been concluded there is no reason to fear that is will be long dclayed.The Great Shadow which first darkened the earth in 1914 has been lifted,but the old linght-hearted exuberance of pre-war days that characterised this season of family reunions     
page 5	Bolshevism spreading through Europe: 
page 5	Need for allied intervention in Russia.
page 5	Germany wants to join League of Nations: 
page 5	Chaotic proceedings in the congress of berlin soviets 
page 5	Spain expels the German ambassador
page 5	Over-crowding in Hongkong 
page 5	The government's reply 
page 5	From khaki to civil life 
page 5	Government ready for demo bilisation problems
page 5	Peace problems 
page 5	Some effects of the German armistice 
page 5	Italy's redeemed provinces
page 6	Interesting will case  
page 6	General is daughter is claim to young officer is property 
page 6	Empire verse to the national anthem
page 6	The absence of any allusion to the Empire in the National Anthem prompted the Royal Colonial institute through its Journal, United Empire to invite suggestions for an "Empire Verse"which might prove suitable for incorporation in the National Anthem. 
page 7	Gt. Britain is part in the war 
page 7	"We must keep our powder dry."
page 7	Mr. Asquith had an enthusiastic recap lion at the National Liberal Club on October 13th,when he was the guest of the members at luncheon His speech was devoted contritely to the war,but before referring to the military  	  
page 7	Like wild animals with hunger 
page 7	__et us out of  this hell ."
