page 2	THE INFORMER CAREY SHOT DEAD.
page 2	TERRIBLE EARTHQUAKE IN ITALY.The P. and O. steamer Ravena Captain Stewart from Bombay 18th July ria Colombo.
page 2	An interview took place yesterday at Frohsdorl between Cunts de Chanbord and de Peris.
page 2	Carey the informer has left Dublin but his destination is anknown. He has recelved no reward.
page 2	The following telegram is from the British Consul at Alexandria.
page 2	The Under-Seoretary for Foreign Affairs replying to a question in the House of Commons.
page 2	THE FRENCH IN TONQUIN.
page 3	Just before the departure of Dr. Corte Real our much respeoted Culonial Seuetary-General.
page 3	It will no doubt interest your readers to hear that the steamboat Spark whilst on her passage.
page 3	It is not often we have any news of public interest at this port. Last midnight there was.
page 3	In consequence of a continual rise in the river the Forsign Settlement and the native oity.
page 3	We haye bad stirring times here lately. On the night of the 8th instant there was a very heavy rain storm.
page 4	Since the return of H.E. Li nothing has transpired that snggests the faintest iden as to what.
page 4	Mr. Rusself Yong arrived last night and paid a visit this morning to Li Hung-chang.
page 4	To-day is another great day for Tientsin their Excellencies Li and Chang entertain H.E. J. Russell Young.
page 4	The Seventh Priace seems going shead in earnest with his project of an arsenal on the banks.
page 4	The telegraphio connection between Siem and the outer world has been dnly completed.
page 5	The report of the Auditor-General accompanying the draft estimates laid on the table.
page 5	Whatever progress may have been made in improving the social condition of our Chinese community.
page 5	In the returnsof trade for last year publishsd by the Im perial Maritime Customs a notable.
page 5	The AT FORNEY-GENERAL moved the first rsading of the French Mail Steamers Continuation Ordinance.
page 5	I have the honour to submit for His Excelleney's information the following report in explanation.
