page 2	War conference 
page 2	Important resolutions
page 2	Demobilisation committee 
page 2	A plea for the English 
page 2	"Was ever a people so loudly dispraised by its own kith and kin?"
page 2	[By Joseph Clayton.]
page 2	Hongkong defence corps
page 2	Hongkong police reserve
page 2	Orders issued by mr. F. C. jenkin, c. b. e.
page 3	Criminal sessions
page 3	Yachting
page 3	Royal Hongkong yacht club 
page 3	"Ursula Prize."
page 3	 Shorthani results at st. Mary's school , kowloon.
page 3	Chased with an iron truncheon
page 3	Three kings and nine knaves 
page 3	An incorrigible fish-vendor
page 3	To be sent to the Japanese reformatory  
page 3	Christmas cheer for the services
page 4	The "Disarmistice."
page 4	The newspapers, which are reaching us from home, seem to be singularly behind the times, and remind us that between the end of October and the middle of November of this year history was being made with the rapidity of lightning.The two really anxious days in Great Britais  appear to have been those during which the public waited for President Wilson's reply;one of the most experienced journalists in the House of Commons has described them as "two days of terrible mental agony.'    
page 4	What will silver do?
page 5	Premier and the labour party: 
page 5	Labour members' reply.
page 5	Overthrow of Spanish monarchy probable
page 5	Premier stands for abolition of all conscript armies
page 5	Bulgaria brutality 
page 5	Prison camp horrors 
page 5	"Child Labour in Hongkong "
page 5	Lecture by miss pitt 
page 5	Penang and the Germans 
page 5	All races demand their exclusion 
page 5	No wholesale Demobilisation 
page 5	Pictures in German hands
page 6	When the single men return
page 6	A plea for matrimonial committees in every tows 
page 6	The bundle man 
page 6	Married naval officers 
page 6	The "Leinster" disaster
page 6	Strange sign over the scene
page 6	Influenza epidemic in England  
page 6	Hints from america
page 6	Lower-decr commissions
page 6	Admiralty concessions meet with approval 
page 7	Paying for the war 
page 7	Criticism of "great plan" proposal
page 7	Pershing as a cadet commander
page 7	By g. Basil barham 
page 7	With the French fleet 
page 7	In the mediterranen
page 7	By James bone
page 7	The secret of calals
page 7	Hun blow that never came
page 7	A vital fact of the history of the war which need no longer be kept secret has been brought into full light by our advance and investigations  
