page 2	German shipping subsidies 
page 2	Their effect on Hongkong 
page 2	Shipbuilding in Shanghai 
page 2	The bishop in Fukien
page 2	Consecration at Lambeth palace 
page 2	Australian complants of Japanese trading.
page 2	British industries fair
page 2	Hongkong police reserve.
page 2	Dyes and chemicals for china 
page 2	Americans after German trade
page 2	Hongkong police reserve
page 2	Chinese decorations for British subjeots.
page 2	Cigarette and tobacco fund.
page 2	Wished to RetUM to Japan 
page 2	Little boy steals $250
page 2	One of a criminal gang 
page 2	Youthful suatcher imprisoned.
page 2	Alarmist fined 
page 2	Spreading a false report of a fire 
page 2	Serbian refugees.
page 2	The colony's help 
page 2	Opium smuggling
page 2	Women heavily fined 
page 2	Palace hotel billiard handicap.
page 3	"Women in war workshops."
page 3	Interesting lecture by Prof. Middletown smith.
page 3	It is a pity that there was such a small attcndnqdce at the lecture on "women in our war workshops."delivered yesterday evening by Professor Middletown Smith,at the Helena May Institute 
page 3	Christmas cheer for the services.
page 4	The general election.
page 4	The final result of the Generals Election in Great Britain will pr0obably not be known for some days yet because tine has to be allowed for the soldiers in Franco and Belgium go send their votes by poet.Unfortunately, the men serving in Hongkong,and probably also those in other distant over sacs stations.   
page 5	Armistice time-limit extended: 
page 5	The prolongation terms.
page 5	President Wilson to visit England.
page 5	German rule not wanted by natives in former German colonies.
page 5	Hongkong sketch club
page 5	Yesterday's successful exhibition
page 5	Wedding 
page 5	Brooke smith-brand
page 5	Following pon the civil cerenony,which took place at H.M.Comsulate-Gral yesterday morming.  
page 6	Christ's character and the world's need.
page 6	Christ's compassion
page 6	Chinese capital in Hongkong
page 6	The following is a true story of money made rapidly in the Colony of Hongkong A certain European had a sum of ￡600 remitted to him three or four years ago.The dollar was then at about two  shillings  
page 6	Feeling the cold
page 6	A gaolbird caged
page 7	Our London letter 
page 7	The value of unity of command
page 7	Record newspaper deal
page 7	From our own correspondent 
page 7	Mr. Gonpers on strikes
page 7	Plain talk at labour meeting
page 7	Naval officers heroism
page 7	Blazing ammunition ship exploit
page 7	Principle and practice of exterritoriality in China
page 7	Is there room for improvement 
