page 2	Eastern telegraph co
page 2	British American tobacco co is war record
page 2	From the canton information bureau
page 2	By courtesy of the "Chung ngoi san po."
page 2	State trending
page 2	Sir Gilbert Parker is view
page 2	Hongkong police reserve
page 2	Hongkong defence corps
page 2	Administrative orders by major h___a Morgan, administrative commandant
page 3	Criminal sessions 
page 3	Before his honour the puisne justice .(Mr. h.. h. J . compertz)
page 3	The fatal fascination of Hongkong 
page 3	Kidnapping a child for sale
page 3	Sale of an English town 
page 3	Association football
page 3	Hongkong league-division11
page 3	87th co. r. G. A. 1 v. University, o. 
page 3	Hongkong football shield 
page 3	Cricket
page 3	h. k. c. c. v. U.c.c. 
page 3	k. c. c. v. S. s. "War drummet"
page 3	Craigengower v. R. g. a.
page 3	Baseball
page 3	Happy valley baseball club v. Nippon club 
page 3	Robber falls from roof succumbs to injuries 
page 3	Daylight robbery in the city 
page 3	Labour after the war
page 3	Hongkong magistracy 
page 3	Put in by mistake
page 3	Possession of charcoal 
page 3	Theft from a steamer
page 3	Selling sulphuric acid 
page 3	A high-wage system
page 4	Women and children in China 
page 4	During the week two lectures given in Hongkong have been reported in our columns-one relating to women and the other to children.We do not intento combat any of the arguments put forward,or even to discuss the statements made,because with the main ideas expressed we are all in general agreement.The position of women,so far as the Anglo-Saxon race is comcermed,is settled;but there are women in other matrons who will soon begin,if they have not already begun,  
page 4	Macao notes 
page 5	Allied attitude towards Russia:
page 5	Troops not to be withdrawn St present
page 5	Peace conference opens on Jan. 15th.
page 5	Latest cables [Through neuter is agency.] 
page 5	The armistice
page 5	Demobilisation of the German army  
page 5	Enemy alien soldier 
page 5	Loyalty of a German mother and her son 
page 5	Facts for the times 
page 5	Things to remember about the Germans
page 5	The new German confederation 
page 5	Austrian influence may turn the scale 
page 6	Industrial league journal 
page 6	A new organ for employers and employed
page 6	In these days of industrial unrest, says he Financial times, due largely to misconceptions and a want of frank ad free intercourse between employers and employed, any attempt to bring about a better understanding is of first-class importance,and we therefore welcome the appearance of a mew journal,entitled the Industrial League Journal,which has this paramount object as its "raison dletre."At present it is only to be issued quarterly,but so excellent is the first 
page 7	Women and parliament  
page 7	Right of membership 
page 7	Large majority in favour.
page 7	Great memorial of the war 
page 7	New palatial city for London
page 7	A great scheme for an Empire War Memorial that takes the form of rebuilding a large area in London and creating a palatial city has been adopted by to Empire War Memorial Committee. 
