page 2	Chronology for the year 
page 2	Principal happenings in 1918
page 2	Successful fancy fair on behalf of war charities, at Kowloon.
page 2	Mysterious bombardment of Canton by the Chinas gunboats Tang on and Yu Cheong
page 3	Armed robbery at yaumati
page 3	Desperadoes fire on the police 
page 3	Chinese tailor and lady is dress
page 3	Cloth pawned owing to lack of money 
page 3	Day of thanksgiving and prayer 
page 3	Indian loyalty 
page 3	Association football 
page 3	To-day is matches 
page 3	Cricket  
page 3	Imports into the USA 
page 3	Further removals from the list of restrictions 
page 3	Hongkong tramway co; ltd. 
page 3	Hongkong defense corps  
page 3	World prices 
page 3	An ascending scale since war started
page 3	World prices continue to advance. A compilation by the National City Bank of New York, showing the average import prices in the fiscal year 1918,of shows prices even higher than. These of 1917, which in turn exceeded those of 1916,1915, and the fiscal year 1914.
page 3	These average imports price Figueroa of the great articles of commerce are an exceptionally accurate method of measuring broadly the advance in world price. The import price of each article brought into the country represents its selling value in the country from which exported to United States. 	As the aggregate importation of any given article represents in most cases the product of several different countries and covers large numbers of importation's through many pots of the United States, and extending through the entire year, the average annual import price based on these figures may be accepted as a reliable barometer of world prices in the article.  
page 3	A Japanese suggestion for peace terms
page 4	The most dramatic year in history 
page 4	The year which has just closed will ever be memorable as the most dramatic in be memorable as the most dramatic in history. Opening in gloom, which deepened week by week until in March deepened week of Civilisation seemed to be threatened with disaster,it closcs with the Moloch of Militarism irreparably destroyed, and the world looking hopefully towards a future in which old    
page 4	[By courtesy of the"Chung ngoi San PO."] 
page 5	General election results: 
page 5	Overwhelming successes of the coalitionists 
page 5	Messrs Asquith and Henderson rejected
page 5	Contradictory reports from Berlin
page 5	Salutary effect of Marshal Foch's is threat to Germany
page 5	Russians fire on French troops at Odessa
page 5	Man who is dead and alive 
page 6	League of nation
page 6	Speech by MR. H. G. Wells  
page 6	Women is war work
page 6	At the Whiteehapel art gallery there has been on view for some time the most complete and illuminating exhibition of the work done by women during the war yet arranged. It has been brought together primarily by the Women's Work Sub-Committee of the Imperial. War Museum, of which the Hon. Lady Ncrman fills the chair. Lady Norman's      
page 7	The man who went to war 
page 7	Difficulties in store for workers and employers
page 7	How many of us are paying any heed to the problems that will arise immediately after the declaration of peace? We read vague paragraphs about reconstruction, and we have and idea that Dr. Addison is dealing with all that sort of thing."
