page 2	The papers by the French mail bring intelligence that the stirement of Vice-Admiral Kellet.
page 2	This evening the Japanese Troupe, which has just arrived from the North, are to make.
page 2	Advices from Tientsin to the 8th inst. note that the river was still open, and a large quantity of water coming down.
page 2	The British American Commission decide that th Untied States are not Liable for Confeferate debts ineurred during the war.
page 2	The Prince of Wales is gradually recovering Serious riots have occurred at Londonerry.
page 2	SHANGHAI.
page 2	YOKOHAMA.
page 2	SINAPORE.
page 2	The French assembly has opened. Thiers' message say that the reorganization of the country is progressing satisfactorily.
page 2	Mr. G. Jessel has been re-elected Member for Dover, by a majority of 90 votes.
page 2	The agitation in Brussels contiones unabated. The cause assigned is the appointment of an anpopular Governor.
page 2	An Italian Commission has been appointed to enquire into the condition of the port of Brindisi.
page 3	The papers by the French mail bring intelligence that the stirement of Vice-Admiral Kellet.
page 3	This evening the Japanese Troupe, which has just arrived from the North, are to make.
page 3	Advices from Tientsin to the 8th inst. note that the river was still open, and a large quantity of water coming down.
page 3	The British American Commission decide that th Untied States are not Liable for Confeferate debts ineurred during the war.
page 3	The Prince of Wales is gradually recovering Serious riots have occurred at Londonerry.
page 3	SHANGHAI.
page 3	YOKOHAMA.
page 3	SINAPORE.
page 3	The French assembly has opened. Thiers' message say that the reorganization of the country is progressing satisfactorily.
page 3	Mr. G. Jessel has been re-elected Member for Dover, by a majority of 90 votes.
page 3	The agitation in Brussels contiones unabated. The cause assigned is the appointment of an anpopular Governor.
page 3	An Italian Commission has been appointed to enquire into the condition of the port of Brindisi.
