page 2	The aerial mail 
page 2	London to Sydney in six days 
page 2	Commerce with Portugal
page 2	Controlling home passages 
page 2	Cricket
page 2	Hongdong c. c. v. University
page 2	c. r. C. v. Royal navy 
page 2	Shorthand results at the diocesan boys' school 
page 2	Cricket notes 
page 2	League table
page 2	Up to decemder 14th 
page 3	By courtesy of the "Chung noggin San PO."
page 3	In view of the declias in the price of wolfram owing to the ccsssation of the war in Europe,the Treasurer has ordered that the export tax on wolfram from  the N_ret and East Rivers be reduced to a moderate level 
page 3	New president of Portugal
page 3	Hongkong government's sympathy 
page 3	Harbour regulations
page 3	Criminal sessions 
page 3	Before his honour the puisne justice, Mr. H. H. Gompkrtz 
page 3	The Pennington Street murder
page 3	Prisoners sentenced to death 
page 4	At last!
page 4	A few weeks ago we ventured to warn the committee of the constitutional Reform association that unless they took some step towards carrying out the first object for which the association that unless they took some step towards carrying out the first object for which the Association was formed they would find public support dwindle away to the vanishing-point.We are glad that the warning did not fall on deaf cars, and that a public meeting is to be held at the Theater Royal on January 9th for the purpose of passing a series of four resoltions,to be submitted by telegram to ghe Secretary of State for the Colonies,asking that the instructions to H.E.The Governor relative to the mode of selection of members of the Legislative Council may be amended in such a way as to secure to the community an effective voice in the  management of public affairs.  
page 4	Constitutional reform in Hongkong
page 4	Important public meeting announced 
page 5	The peace conditions: 
page 5	Are there any differences between the powers?
page 5	Monarchial movement in Austria 
page 5	King Boris still on the Bulgarian throne
page 5	French general is stinging speech to the Germans
page 5	 The allied occupation 
page 5	General fayolle's impressive speech at Mainz
page 5	President Wilson in Europe 
page 5	Official visit to Paris ended 
page 5	Next royal visitor to Paris 
page 5	The king of Italy 
page 5	American cotton 
page 5	Resignation of distribution committee
page 7	Our London letter
page 7	The beginning of the last stage of Armageddon
page 7	Form our own correspondent
page 7	Valour of czech women 
page 7	Thue to traditions of race heroinge
page 7	Equality of the sexes
page 7	We know all about the remarkable work of the Czecho-Slovak men;how they have by their unconquerable valour re-established the entity of their nation,but little has been written about the Czecho-Slovak women 
